[MUSIC PLAYING FAINTLY
OVER SPEAKER]
[PLAYING LESLIE HOWARD'S
"MAZURKA IN THE STYLE
OF CHOPIN]
["BETTER CALL SAUL" THEME
PLAYING]
[♪♪♪]
[DISTORTED MUMBLING]
MAN:
Let's talk.
[BOTH WHIMPERING]
LALO:
Hey, hey, hey. Focus.
Hey.
Both of you, sit.
Come on, sit.
JIMMY:
I never turned on you.
I didn't. Never.
I only worked for you
in the desert.
I was on your side
the whole time.
[SHUSHING]
I don't care.
You two... Oh, God.
You two and your mouths,
Dios mío.
Now you listen.
My car's downstairs.
Press the clicker
and you'll find it.
This is where you are going.
Don't speed, don't weave.
Don't cut anyone off.
Just, you know, drive nice.
From here, at this hour,
I'd take 40 East,
get off at Carlisle,
take the third left.
The rest, I drew
a little map for you
on the back. It's not hard.
So big white brick house
with a solid black door.
You can't miss it.
It's right at the end of the T.
Park down the street,
not in front.
It's a quiet neighborhood,
so you'll have
plenty of options.
I'm stating the obvious
here maybe,
but turn the car off,
all right?
So in the glove compartment,
I left you a present.
There's a camera
and there's a gun,
and you're gonna need both.
A gun?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't worry,
it's very easy.
It's a revolver.
It's already loaded, no safety.
It's idiotproof.
So you go up to that house,
you walk right up
to that black door.
Don't run. Just be casual.
Like a stroll, you know?
Keep the gun
somewhere behind you
where they can't see it.
You ring the bell,
you count to three,
you step back, they look
through the peephole,
you're as innocent
as can be.
Door opens,
you point and you shoot.
You keep on pulling
that trigger until it's empty.
Simple.
You want me
to--?
I know, I know.
You're a lawyer,
and not a killer.
But look,
you can do this, okay?
This guy,
he's a house cat.
Black, medium height,
short hair, glasses.
He kind of looks like
a librarian.
But don't be fooled,
even a house cat can scratch.
So that's it.
Hard part's over.
Now you pull out the camera.
Same principle as the gun.
Point and shoot.
Take a picture, one where
I can see the face clearly.
And then you bring it
back here,
where me and Mrs. Goodman
will be waiting for you.
And then you're done.
I'd say it's about
a 20-minute drive over there,
20 minutes back,
maybe 10 minutes to do the job.
Let's call it
an hour altogether.
So you're back here
in an hour or--
Send her.
What?
She should do it.
KIM:
Jimmy.
Why her?
Don't do this.
This guy, the house cat...
Jimmy, please.
...he looks
through his peephole
in the middle of the night
and he sees me.
"Who's this asshole?
What's he doing?"
Maybe he gets his gun.
Maybe he calls the cops.
Either way,
that door stays shut.
Mm-mm.
But he sees a woman,
she looks like
she's in distress...
Mm. No.
...maybe her car broke down.
You'd open the door
for her, wouldn't you?
Stop, stop.
Yeah, but
she's really clever.
How do I know she's gonna
stick to the plan?
She will.
No, no, no.
No cops.
You know she will.
No. Look, this doesn't even
make any sense. I-I've--
I've never shot a gun before.
I've never even held one.
Like I have?
Jimmy, what are you doing?
You know she's the best choice.
No, I'm not.
I can't-- I can't do it.
She can do it.
She can.
You know I'm right.
Jimmy, I'll stay.
Stop. Just stop.
Listen--
Stop it! Shut up!
Oh, God. Okay, fine.
Yeah, her. Whatever.
Give her the keys,
give her the address. Let's go.
Don't. Don't.
You gotta go.
No, don't, don't.
Come on. Hey.
Just go.
[♪♪♪]
Hold on.
You're gonna need
your shoes, right?
[WHIMPERING]
There you go.
Okay, so one hour
starting...now.
Clock's ticking,
Mrs. Goodman.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
LALO:
How does a chichifo like you
land a girl like that, huh?
Now...
what to do with you?
Give me your hands.
[ZIP TIE ZIPS]
Sit.
You know,
after I saw you last,
I went home.
My home.
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
You know
what happened?
Men came.
[WINCES]
Armed men.
[ZIP TIE ZIPS]
In the middle of the night...
to my home...
trying to get to me.
You know what they did?
They killed people
I care about.
They killed my cook,
my gardener.
Seventeen-year-old kid
I knew
since he was knee-high,
never hurt a fly,
butchered.
My housekeeper, Yolanda.
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
They shot her
in the back.
I'm sorry.
Now, how did these men...
get into my home?
Do you know?
I have no idea.
[ZIP TIE ZIPS]
[GRUNTS]
Ignacio Varga.
He let them in.
And who did Ignacio
introduce me to?
You.
Ignacio? Nacho?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I barely know Ignacio.
Whatever he did,
he did alone, not with me.
Listen,
you've gotta believe me.
Hand to God,
I had no part in this.
It wasn't me.
It was--
[GRUNTS]
[MUFFLED]
Ignacio!
Not me!
Listen, listen...
[GROANING INDISTINCTLY]
[GRUNTS]
Save it.
I'm gonna come back.
And then you are gonna
tell me the whole story.
[JIMMY CONTINUES GROANING,
INDISTINCTLY]
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
HARRY [ON TV]:
Hello.
Hello, Harry. We were just
talking about you.
HARRY:
Yeah? That ain't
what I pay you for.
She knows enough
about me already...
Ford Taurus?
Taupe?
MAN [ON TV]:
What did you find out
about Tom Paine?
WOMAN [ON TV]:
He was quite a fella.
MAN:
Where was he born? Remember?
WOMAN:
London or England.
Some place like that.
HARRY:
What, London or England?
That's the same thing.
WOMAN: It is?
HARRY: London is in England.
London's a city.
England's a whole country.
WOMAN: I forgot.
HARRY: You got patience.
MAN:
Take it easy.
HARRY:
How can anybody be so dumb?
MAN:
We can't all know everything.
WOMAN:
Who's Tom Paine, for instance?
HARRY: What?
WOMAN: You heard me. Tom Paine.
HARRY: What do I care?
WOMAN: I know.
HARRY:
So what? If I wanted
to know who he is,
I'd know who he is.
I just don't care.
[JIMMY GRUNTING]
Go on. Don't let me butt in.
MAN:
Which of his books
did you like best?
WOMAN:
Well, I didn't read by him yet,
only about him. I made a list.
HARRY:
Who is Rabbit Maranville?
WOMAN: Who?
HARRY: Rabbit Maranville.
WOMAN: I didn't know Rabbit.
HARRY: Think you're smart?
MAN:
He used to play shortstop
for the Braves, didn't he?
HARRY:
What are you, some kind
of genius or something?
MAN: No.
HARRY: I hire and fire--
[♪♪♪]
Come on.
Yeah.
The vented kind, yeah.
You can get those at REI.
If I want a second mortgage.
Yeah, right.
[♪♪♪]
[DOORBELL CHIMES]
[KIM GASPS]
KIM:
Please, no, you don't
understand. I need to go back.
What-- What are you doing?
I have to go.
I have to go. Wait!
MAN:
Ms. Wexler, I'd like you
to sit down.
KIM:
He-- He'll kill him!
You-- No, let me go.
MAN: Sit there and be calm.
KIM:
I have to get back.
MAN: You listen.
KIM: I have to get back!
Sit still and stay calm.
Now you take a deep breath,
a deep breath.
Nothing's gonna happen here
until you calm yourself.
All right?
Now, who is killing who?
Lalo Salamanca.
Lalo is going
to kill Jimmy.
He's there.
He is there with Jimmy now.
Salamanca's at your apartment?
KIM: Yes. He sent me.
He wanted to send Jimmy,
but then he sent me.
To do what exactly?
Ms. Wexler,
you stay with me.
What were you
supposed to do here?
[SPUTTERS]
Shoot him.
I'm-- I'm supposed
to shoot him,
and then take a photo,
and then get back. That's it.
I only have
20 minutes left, please.
All right, you stay put.
You stay put.
We'll handle this.
We will handle this.
You call Tyrus,
get him to the condo now.
You said
you were watching us.
[SHOUTING]
Where were you, huh?
Who are you people?
VICTOR:
Remember what the man said?
[♪♪♪]
You heard all that.
All right,
you hunker down here.
You two,
you stay with him.
A dog barks too loud,
you are on the phone with me.
You two, come with me.
KIM:
Please... Please...
Please. Help me--
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]
[BEEPS]
[DIALS OUT]
[PHONE RINGING]
GUS:
Put her on.
VICTOR:
For you.
GUS:
Why did Lalo send you?
Who is this?
Answer him.
KIM:
He didn't want to send me.
Not at first.
He wanted to send my husband.
But my husband
talked him out of it,
because he wanted
to get me out of there.
He talked Lalo out of it?
KIM:
That's right.
So now I've told you
everything I know.
Please, tell me--
Tell me what's going on.
Come with me, both of you.
[DOOR CLOSES]
Can't get a clear look inside.
Blinds are down.
Wait.
Something's moving around
in there.
Can't tell what.
Copy that.
Report.
ARTHUR:
North corner, clear.
MAN 1:
Rear stairwell, all clear.
JOSE:
Clear, east side.
MAN 2:
West side, clear.
SAM:
Street, clear.
GREG:
Parking, all clear.
KEITH:
Clear on the south.
All right,
hold the perimeter.
Everyone else, on me.
Eyes sharp. Nice and easy.
We don't wanna spook
the neighbors.
[♪♪♪]
[COCKS GUN]
All quiet, sir.
GATE GUARD:
Is there something
we should be looking for?
[VENTILATOR FAN SQUEAKING]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
[DOOR UNLOCKS]
[DOOR OPENS]
[GRUNTING INDISTINCTLY]
Hey.
Hey! Hey!
She's fine. She's safe.
Now, the gag is gonna come off,
and I need to ask you
a question,
and I need you
to answer it quietly. Got it?
[GRUNTS]
Huh?
Yeah.
All right. I need to know
where Salamanca went
and I need to know
exactly how long he's been gone.
[GASPS]
I don't--
I don't know where he went.
He left right after she did.
[PHONE BUZZING]
[BUZZING CEASES]
Don Eladio!
[IN SPANISH]
Look who I have here.
The one and only Gustavo Fring.
[CHUCKLES]
And wearing body armor too!
Too bad they don't make armor
for your head, eh?
Now we're gonna take
a little walk
and show you around.
[SPEAKS SPANISH]
[CLICKS TEETH]
Don, I was hoping
you and I
wouldn't have to rush
this so much.
We could sit by
your pool...
Strip this snake's skin off,
inch by inch.
Take our time,
have some fun.
But he shows up now...
Who am I to look a gift horse
in the mouth?
A big
machine...
hides a big secret.
We have about...
13 minutes
until his bald gringo
gets here
with the cavalry, so...
Gustavo is going to have
to give us the nickel tour.
[GASPING]
Like I said...
Gustavo is going
to show us around.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
Ah!
Magnificent!
I had a bathtub
that did this, but...
credit where credit is due,
this is better.
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHS]
Son of a bitch.
[IN ENGLISH]
Okay, heh. Drumroll, please.
[IMITATING DRUMROLL]
[HUMS A TUNE]
[LAUGHS, IN SPANISH]
What's up with that?
Wow, right?
Don Eladio, I've heard some
stories about this place.
It took a bunch
of German engineers
10 months to build all this.
They used 200 pounds
of high explosives.
Dug out over 120,000
cubic meters of dirt and rock.
And all...
without disturbing
the laundry up there.
In the middle of a city
with a million people!
That's pretty badass, right?
[GRUNTS]
One moment, Don.
[GASPING]
Think of the laboratory
you could put here, Don Eladio.
How much meth you could make...
That was his plan.
Cut you out
to become boss.
And now here we are,
in a big hole. Ha, ha!
Gustavo thought
he was building an empire,
but all he built himself
was a tomb.
[SPITS]
[IN SPANISH]
You can't kill me.
Why not?
I haven't told
that fat pig Eladio...
what I think of him yet.
[LAUGHS]
Perfect!
You've got one minute.
Eladio...
You greasy bloated pimp.
You talk of honor...
but you have none.
A pack of stray dogs
fighting for scraps
has more honor.
Jackals.
That's all you are!
No vision. No patience.
No thought.
Stupid and impulsive!
That is how I did all this.
You couldn't see it,
couldn't even conceive of it.
And you Salamancas...
You're the worst vermin
of all.
You say you believe
in "blood for blood"?
But you only understand
blood for money!
You're whores!
[IN ENGLISH]
I understand
blood for blood.
Hector?
I kept him alive.
Kept him broken.
I will save him till the last.
Before he dies, he will know...
I buried every one of you.
[IN ENGLISH]
Big talk.
You done?
No.
Not yet.
[GUN CLICKING]
[BREATHING INTENSELY]
[LALO SPUTTERING]
[LALO GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
♪ Pollos Hermanos
Pollos Hermanos ♪
♪ Delicious chicken
Grilled or fried ♪
♪ Pollos Hermanos
Pollos Hermanos ♪
♪ It will leave you
Satisfied ♪
[KEYS JANGLE]
[PHONE RINGING]
Mr. Fring!
I just walked
through the door.
I'm not running late,
am I?
GUS:
No, Lyle.
Punctual as always.
Oh, okay. Good.
What can I do for you, sir?
I won't be in today,
I'm sorry to say.
In fact, you won't be
seeing me all week.
I've been called out of town.
Family emergency.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry.
Is there anything I can do?
Do you need
a ride to the airport?
Nothing like that.
I need you to act
as store manager in my stead.
Unfortunately,
at this late date,
this will require you
to both open and close
today and tomorrow.
Sure. Yes.
I can do that.
Would you be able to set
next week's schedule
by close tomorrow?
I like to give the employees
time to prepare.
I'll take care of it.
Don't give it a thought.
I will adjust your pay for
the extra hours upon my return.
I hope that
that is acceptable.
Of course. Not a problem.
And if there's anything else
I can do,
anything,
please let me know.
I know I have
nothing to worry about.
The restaurant
is in your capable hands.
Safe travels, Mr. Fring.
Goodbye, Lyle.
Doc just crossed
the border.
He'll be here
in three hours.
Sir, you should
remain prone.
Sam.
You happy with the way
things went down tonight?
Because I'm not.
How did you know
Lalo would be at the laundry?
I didn't.
Well, the next time
you get a wild hair
to play detective,
tell me.
This could have gone down
a whole lot different.
It could have.
[PHONE RINGS]
Yeah.
Okay. I'm on it.
JIMMY:
What are you doing?
You're getting
a new refrigerator.
I'm assuming
stainless will do.
Arthur.
ARTHUR: Yeah, Mike?
Gloves on.
Downstairs. Green Jaguar,
vanity plates.
It goes to the warehouse.
Done.
JIMMY:
Lalo said he was coming back.
MIKE:
He's not coming.
No, he said he was.
He told me!
You understand me.
He is not coming back.
Let's sit.
Sit.
All right.
Here's what's gonna happen:
In a few days,
Howard Hamlin's car
will be found several
states away, by the water.
The odometer will have rolled
to the exact number of miles
it took to get there.
There will be cocaine
in the upholstery.
That's the story you were
setting up for this guy, yeah?
They'll call it a suicide,
hoping the body
will come washing up.
It never will.
At some point,
you're gonna hear about it.
Someone calls you,
someone at the courthouse
mentions it.
The moment that happens,
you call the cops.
His car was here
for hours last night.
Good chance
somebody noticed it.
That means you are the
last people to see him alive.
Cops are gonna wanna
hear from you.
You tell the cops you saw him.
He came here.
Seemed like maybe
he was chemically altered.
Didn't make a lick of sense.
Then he left.
That's all you know.
You keep telling the lie
that you've been telling.
Now, Ms. Wexler tells me
she has court at 10:00.
What's on your docket?
Hey. Listen.
Where do you need to be?
Uh... Office. My office.
Clients start showing up
around 9:30.
Oh, my car's gone.
No, it's on the way home.
You'll have it
when you need it.
So you two are gonna
go about your day.
Normal. Same as ever.
Today, you're Meryl Streep
and Laurence Olivier.
No staring into space.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
You cover.
If anybody talks to you,
it's just another day
that ends in Y, that's all.
When you get home,
we'll be gone
and everything will be back
the way it was.
Now...
I need to impress upon you:
none of this ever happened.
None of it.
Understand?
Say it out loud.
I need to hear it.
We understand.
It never happened.
I'm gonna go out there
and you're gonna get ready.
Before I shut that door,
is there anything you need
from the other room?
Toiletries?
Clothes?
Anything to start your day?
No.
We're set.
Hold it.
Go ahead.
Easy.
[♪♪♪]
[BACKHOE ENGINE STARTS]